README.md, before:

# opsworks-passenger cookbook

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/sportngin-cookbooks/opsworks-passenger.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/sportngin-cookbooks/opsworks-passenger)

This cookbook installs and configures Nginx web server with Passenger application server.
It is a customized implementation of the AWS OpsWorks [Nginx](https://github.com/aws/opsworks-cookbooks/tree/release-chef-11.4/nginx) cookbook.

# Requirements

You need to provide a nginx package that has passenger (and any other desired modules) compiled in.

This is developed and tested against Amazon linux and intended for use within OpsWorks.

# Usage

Include this cookbook as a dependency, set package source and add recipes to run list.

# Attributes

Attributes of note:
- `node[:nginx][:custom_package][:source]` - URL to fetch Nginx package from compiled with passenger and any other custom modules.
- `node[:passenger][:optimize_for]` - Set to 'processing' or 'blocking_io' to optimize min and max processes accordingly. Defaults to `processing`.
- `node[:nginx][:try_static_files]` - Have nginx serve static files for request before deferring to Passenger application. Defaults to `false`.
- `node[:passenger][:conf]` - String key based hash of name value pairs to write to passenger configuration for nginx. Pairs with nil value will be omitted.

See attributes source for full list of configuration options.

# Recipes

- `setup` - Install and configure nginx and passenger. This should be run in OpsWorks setup event.
- `deploy` - Add new passenger enabled nginx site. This should be run in OpsWorks deploy event.
- `maintenance` - Toggle serving of temporary static maintenance page with `node[:nginx][:serve_maintenance_page]`.

# Resources/Providers

## nginx_app 

Setup and enable a passenger enabled site in Nginx.

### Actions

- `:create` - Create the Nginx configurations and enable that site. (Default)

### Attributes

- `deploy` - OpsWorks deploy hash. 

### Usage

```
node[:deploy].each do |application, deploy|
  opsworks_passenger_nginx_app application do
    deploy deploy
  end
end
```

## nginx_conf

Create Nginx configuration included in the global `http` context.

### Actions

- `:create` - Create the Nginx configuration. (Default)

### Attributes

- `name` - Name of configuration file.
- `source` - Path to template file in consuming cookbook.
- `variables` - Hash of variables to pass to template.

### Usage

```
opsworks_passenger_nginx_conf "tacos" do
  source "tacos.conf.erb"
  variables(
      :cheese => node[:cheese]
  )
end
```

## nginx_server_conf

Create Nginx configuration included in the passenger enabled site `server` context.

### Actions

- `:create` - Create the Nginx configuration. (Default)

### Attributes

- `name` - Name of configuration file.
- `source` - Path to template file in consuming cookbook.
- `variables` - Hash of variables to pass to template.
- `scope` - `shared`, `http`, or `ssl`. Defaults to `shared`.

### Usage

```
opsworks_passenger_nginx_server_conf "tacos" do
  source "tacos.conf.erb"
  scope "http"
  variables(
      :cheese => node[:cheese]
  )
end
```

# Author

Author:: Sport Ngin Platform Operations (<platform-ops@sportngin.com>)

Commit message:

Adding attribute to control restart on deploy.

README.md, after:

# opsworks-passenger cookbook

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/sportngin-cookbooks/opsworks-passenger.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/sportngin-cookbooks/opsworks-passenger)

This cookbook installs and configures Nginx web server with Passenger application server.
It is a customized implementation of the AWS OpsWorks [Nginx](https://github.com/aws/opsworks-cookbooks/tree/release-chef-11.4/nginx) cookbook.

# Requirements

You need to provide a nginx package that has passenger (and any other desired modules) compiled in.

This is developed and tested against Amazon linux and intended for use within OpsWorks.

# Usage

Include this cookbook as a dependency, set package source and add recipes to run list.

# Attributes

Attributes of note:
- `node[:nginx][:custom_package][:source]` - URL to fetch Nginx package from compiled with passenger and any other custom modules.
- `node[:passenger][:optimize_for]` - Set to 'processing' or 'blocking_io' to optimize min and max processes accordingly. Defaults to `processing`.
- `node[:nginx][:try_static_files]` - Have nginx serve static files for request before deferring to Passenger application. Defaults to `false`.
- `node[:passenger][:conf]` - String key based hash of name value pairs to write to passenger configuration for nginx. Pairs with nil value will be omitted.
- `node[:nginx][:restart_on_deploy]` - Whether to restart/reload nginx on a deploy.  Defaults to false for a rolling restart deploy strategy.

See attributes source for full list of configuration options.

# Recipes

- `setup` - Install and configure nginx and passenger. This should be run in OpsWorks setup event.
- `deploy` - Add new passenger enabled nginx site. This should be run in OpsWorks deploy event.
- `maintenance` - Toggle serving of temporary static maintenance page with `node[:nginx][:serve_maintenance_page]`.

# Resources/Providers

## nginx_app 

Setup and enable a passenger enabled site in Nginx.

### Actions

- `:create` - Create the Nginx configurations and enable that site. (Default)

### Attributes

- `deploy` - OpsWorks deploy hash. 

### Usage

```
node[:deploy].each do |application, deploy|
  opsworks_passenger_nginx_app application do
    deploy deploy
  end
end
```

## nginx_conf

Create Nginx configuration included in the global `http` context.

### Actions

- `:create` - Create the Nginx configuration. (Default)

### Attributes

- `name` - Name of configuration file.
- `source` - Path to template file in consuming cookbook.
- `variables` - Hash of variables to pass to template.

### Usage

```
opsworks_passenger_nginx_conf "tacos" do
  source "tacos.conf.erb"
  variables(
      :cheese => node[:cheese]
  )
end
```

## nginx_server_conf

Create Nginx configuration included in the passenger enabled site `server` context.

### Actions

- `:create` - Create the Nginx configuration. (Default)

### Attributes

- `name` - Name of configuration file.
- `source` - Path to template file in consuming cookbook.
- `variables` - Hash of variables to pass to template.
- `scope` - `shared`, `http`, or `ssl`. Defaults to `shared`.

### Usage

```
opsworks_passenger_nginx_server_conf "tacos" do
  source "tacos.conf.erb"
  scope "http"
  variables(
      :cheese => node[:cheese]
  )
end
```

# Author

Author:: Sport Ngin Platform Operations (<platform-ops@sportngin.com>)
